Okay. What would you say that the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the library strives is?
What would you say that the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the organization strives? In other words what's the library's vision? Some of this may seem familiar…
Um, okay, question number 1. What is the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the organization, in this case the library, strives? To put it another way, what's the vision of the library?
Mm hm. Yup. That, that is the goal. Okay, um, and then please feel free to ask me to repeat myself and please shout a little bit for the benefit for the tape recorder and the poor soul I'm gonna get to transcribe this all later. Um, okay. Question number 1… what is the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the organization, in this case the library, strives? Or to put it another way, what's the library's vision? And I know you guys just did the strategic study.
Um, okay, so question number 1. Um, what is the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the library as an organization strives? Or the short version, what would you say that the library's vision is?
Alright, um, what would you say that the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the library strives is? Or to put it another way, what would you say that the vision of the library is?
What would you say that the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the library strives is? Or to put it another way, what would you say that the library's vision is?
Um, what would you say that the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the organization, aka the library, strives for? To put it another way, what's the library's vision?
What would you say that the overall, ideal, end-state towards which the library strives is? What's the library's vision?
Um, okay, so question number 1. What would you say that the overall, ideal, end-state toward which the library strives is? What's the library's vision?
And do the best you can.  Okay, what would you describe as the overall ideal end state towards which the library, as an institution, strives?